(0:00 - 1:02)
Hello, hello, good day, good afternoon, good morning, good evening, wherever you are. Hello, hello. Welcome at this training about transforming ideas into action with CoPilot Chat. 

I'm really happy that you are here. I'm really happy that you want to take some time away from your busy calendar and stay with me for one hour, one hour and a half. That's what we need to dive into this CoPilot Chat session. 

I see a lot of people here. Thank you very much for joining. Thank you very much for taking the time. 

You see that we are in a normal Teams meeting, so that means that I have put on transcriptions. You can change the language. You can show live captions. 

What you see on my slide are the steps that you can follow if you want to change your language. You can also continue and set the translation, select the language to your preferred language, if you will. Please do so.

(1:02 - 4:01)
You're very welcome to do that if you are speaking a different language and you want me as a translator, but then in text, of course. Again, really happy that you are here. We have a lot of people, a lot of people in this call. 

That's very nice, but we need to agree on a couple of things. Now, first of all, you can unmute yourself. You can put on your camera, and that's something that I really prefer. 

Just to see a couple of faces nodding or smiling to me, that's better for my brain if I'm going to see that. Thank you for doing that. I really appreciate it. 

On the other hand, I want you to ask, or at least I'm asking you to stay on mute during this training. I have a colleague, Horan, that is going to answer all of your questions that you have. If you have any question around the topics that we are going to discuss today, anything that comes to mind, please ask your question in the chat. 

We will have some time at the end of this training to do a quick Q&A that you can ask me questions directly, but in this call, Horan will provide you each and one of the answers that you have. There are no stupid questions today. If you want to know something that you are struggling with a long time by using Copilot, just ask. 

Don't hesitate. Now is the time. Let's also agree on the use of our React button. 

Inside of Teams, you will see that you have the React button. You also have the Raise button, but that's just to give me a high five. If you are going to use the React button, you will see that we have a thumbs up. 

Each time I'm going to ask you a question and the answer is yes, let's agree that you're going to do a thumbs up. If your answer is going to be no, let's do that surprise icon, shall we? If we agree on that, just for this meeting, you don't have to use it within your customer environment. Just for this meeting, let's agree on that, so we have good guardrails for this training. 

By the way, about this training, what are we going to go through? We have a training tailored for all of you, business users, any type of user is welcome. Today, we are going to get started with using M365 Copilot Chat. If you are already using M365 Copilot Chat, I will show you what you can do more to be even productive as what you are as of today. 

My name is Karel De Winter. I'm based in Belgium. I'm here together with my colleague, Horan. 

Horan is going to ask and answer all your questions. I'm here to present the content. If you want to get in touch with me, you can. 

Please go to aka.ms forward slash whoiskarel. That will bring you to my LinkedIn page. Happy to connect with all of you and stay in touch after this training.

(4:01 - 8:21)
If you want to send me an email, you can. My email address is on the slide. What are we going to do today? Good question. 

Today, we are going to see three different modules. The first module will be about M365 Copilot Chat. I know maybe some of you have a confusion around what is now the interface that we need to use. 

What is included in our environment? What have you if you have an individual or a personal account? I will quickly touch on the differences. The differences between a M365 Copilot Chat account that you have if you have a license inside of Microsoft 365 that is using applications like Word, Excel, PowerPoint. What is the difference if you have a paid Copilot license? That is an add-on. 

That is something else. That is going to be explained in the first module. In the second module, that is where we are going to look into writing effective prompts. 

In that module, you will see four key elements, four ingredients, if you will, to get started with writing effective prompts. The better the prompt will be, the better the result that we will get from Copilot. The last module, Working Smarter with M365 Copilot Chat, is then going to show you how you are going to share your conversation with a colleague, how you are going to use something that is called Copilot Pages, and how you are going to build agents. 

That is for the last module. We will have around one hour, one hour and a half together. That is what we need to explain all those different topics. 

The link should be in the chat. That is the official course material. Take it with you. 

After this training, you can still access this training material that we have on our Microsoft Learn platform. Give me a thumbs up if you are ready for the first module, and if you want to proceed, okay, thumbs up, high five. I see a lot of high fives. 

High five back there. Good. Let's get started. 

What have we? M365 Copilot Chat. That is the focus of today, but what is it? Well, first of all, if we talk about M365 Copilot Chat, it is our AI assistant. What is an AI assistant? Well, it's in the word. 

It's still an assistant. You need to instruct Copilot to do exactly what you want. Ask very specifically what you want to get out of Copilot and what you want to as a result. 

That's very important. That's what we are going to learn today. On the other hand, we see something that is major important and that is grounding. 

We are going to ground Copilot conversations by using work and by using web-related data. There are two ways that we can ground Copilot. Now, what is grounding? Grounding is adding additional information to those large language models. 

Again, a very specific term here, large language models. A large language model, that's what you use behind the scenes. If you use Copilot, if you use any other AI tool you use nowadays, a large language model that has been trained on very large set of data. 

The models that we use for now are GPT-5, GPT-5.2. These well-known GPT models are used behind the scenes if you're going to interact with M365 Copilot Chat. Again, a large language model has been trained on a data set. A data set that they took from the internet. 

Everything that was publicly available, think about articles, think about the complete internet, but also social media conversations, books. They took that complete data set and they trained a model to understand human language, natural language. That's what these models are very good at.

(8:22 - 9:18)
Now, the large language model has a data set that is used to train the model up until a certain point in time. That's why if you're going to ask Copilot a question about today's news, it does not know about that. It needs to reach out to something else to fetch that information and bring back that result. 

That specific concept, that's what we call grounding. If you're going to do web grounding, that means that Copilot is going to fetch information from the web. If you're going to do work grounding, that means you are going to fetch information from your work-related content. 

What's that? M365. The boundary that we have there is your Microsoft 365 boundary. I will exactly explain what that looks like.

(9:18 - 9:32)
This is what we are going to do in the first module. We are going to see what it is. First of all, M365 Copilot Chat is available at no cost to your Microsoft 365 subscription.

(9:34 - 18:31)
If you're using already Word, Excel, Teams, Outlook, you have one of the other Microsoft 365 licenses. With that, you have access to M365 Copilot Chat. That is the benefit of having that license. 

Now, you can add an additional Copilot license, and that's then what we call the M365 Copilot License. That's in addition to your standard M365 subscription. What is included in the M365 Copilot Chat? Well, if I would introduce you now to the interface, and I will tell you how you get to this interface, this is the M365 Copilot Chat interface. 

How do you get there? Very important. I'm going to show you how you get there. It's one of the URLs that you need to remember. 

That's M365copilot.com. M365copilot.com is the most important thing that you need to remember of today. This is how you get access to that M365 Copilot Chat interface. Now, yes, you need to sign in. 

Why? You need to have an active M365 account to get access to that Copilot Chat environment. Some of you may have used Copilot.Microsoft.com. This is not the focus of today. This is something else. 

This is what we call the Copilot individual user. If you are using this interface, that's the individual interface where you have some limitations. You can create X amount of podcasts, you can generate images, you can interact with Copilot, but you will find out that you have some limitations. 

Also there, you can add an additional license, but it's beyond the scope of this training. We focus on this interface. Now, I told you already, this M365 Copilot license is an add-on license. 

I will show you what the difference is, but if we look at the M365 Copilot Chat experience, what's included? You are able to chat with the latest and greatest GPT models. Each time that you're going to go into that Copilot Chat interface, you will see at the top right of your screen, there is an auto selection of the model behind the scenes in the background that we will use. You can change it to quick response, think deeper, which are two different ways that Copilot is going to provide you information, or you can select the GPT 5.2 model that is doing the same, the quick response and think deeper capability. 

Automatically, the model that suits your needs based on the prompt that you're going to put in will be selected in the background, so you don't have to worry about that. You can also use in your Word, Excel, PowerPoint applications, you can also use Copilot Chat experience in there. Let's say I want to create a new Word document. 

Again, I don't have any license. The only license that I have is an M365 license, so I can use Word, I can use Outlook, I can use Excel, and so on. What have you here is that we have this Copilot button, and by the way, you will find this Copilot option everywhere, everywhere. 

You have it in Word, you have it in Excel, you have it inside of your Edge browser, it will show up everywhere. This experience, it's the same experience as what you have in the Copilot Chat experience. This is very important. 

The prompts, the questions that you're going to put in, in this prompt box here, the result is exactly the same as what you would use in this Copilot Chat experience. Now, what exactly is the difference then? Well, if you have an M365 Copilot license, which is that add-on license, you would be able to ask questions about work-related data. Not only web, also work. 

If you are going to use your M365 license, you can use Copilot Chat with web data, and this is already a lot. Don't get me wrong here, but the biggest difference is that you have access to work-related data if you're going to use Copilot Chat, if you're going to use Agents, and if you have built other advanced management systems. So again, how do you get to M365 Copilot Chat? If there is, again, one thing that I want you all to remember is this link, m365copilot.com. This is the one that you need to remember, because Microsoft loves changing the back or forwarded URL in the back, so you don't have to remember that. 

Just remind yourself this link. By the way, if you want to follow along, please open up your m365copilot.com inside your own Edge browser, sign in with your corporate account, and just follow along with these exercises that we are going to do in the rest of this training. Now, how to access Copilot Chat? You can access it in Teams, in Outlook. 

You can use it inside of Word, PowerPoint, Excel, OneNote. Every time that you're going to open the M365 applications, Copilot icon will pop up at the top right of your screen, and it can help you answering your questions. We even have a very interesting M365 Copilot app. 

It's insane what you can do with it. You can use your voice to interact with it, to put in your instructions, and just chat about anything that you want to learn something new about, so it's really cool. This Copilot interface needs to have some explanation, because we have a lot of different things in here. 

First things first, our way to interact with Copilot is by putting in our text, our prompt, in here. This is what we call the prompt box. This is how you are going to start conversation. 

We can also add additional files and additional content. Now you need to pay attention, because here, this is where we are going to show you a big difference between the licensed and the unlicensed version. I'm using an account. 

I signed in with an account that does not have additional Copilot license. Although I don't have an additional Copilot license, I can start adding information. I can start adding documents in here, but if you would have the Copilot license, just for your reference, the interface will look almost the same. 

If you compare them, it will be almost the same. If you would look at this interface on the left side, here I have Adele Vance. Adele Vance does not have a Copilot license. 

If I'm going to use the same interface with a user, which happens to be Copilot, and Copilot has a Copilot license, then you will see this. Work and web. If you see that in your environment, that means you would have and you will have access to a M365 Copilot license, which is in Adele. 

What's the benefit? Well, the benefit is that we can ask a question on different Microsoft 365 related content. What content? Well, you can ask a question about someone that you're working with. You can ask a question about a file, a meeting, an email, channels that you're in, chats that you're having, and different SharePoint sites. 

This is the benefit that you get if you have that add-on license. For today, we are not focusing on this part. I just want to mention the difference because there is a lot of confusion around what do we have, what can we do, and what not.

(18:32 - 18:58)
Still of today, if you have access to M365 Copilot chat, you can still go ahead, ask questions about any topic. For example, what's the weather going to be in Brussels for next week? We've seen that these models don't know anything about next week. They have been trained with data up until August 2025, somewhere around that date.

(18:58 - 20:56)
So by far, they know nothing about the future. Let's say nothing about the very, very present that we are in, the current one. So what have we here? We have a reply from Copilot, and Copilot is returning a result that will give me a seven-day forecast. 

How do we see that Copilot is getting information that is accurate? Well, we need to check it ourselves. How can we do it? Well, here you have a citation which you can select, and that will open the specific website. In this case, it's Amazon Weather, and Amazon Weather has been used to fetch information of the weather. 

If you go all the way down of your conversation, you will also find a Sources button, which allows you to go and check the list of sources that have been used to get the response. This concept, that's what we call grounding. You have your prompt. 

To your prompt, additional information has been added, and that's what we send to the large language model. Very important. You can continue your conversation by adding an additional question, an additional prompt, and then you can add additional information. 

You can add a follow-up question. You can ask anything that you want. So this is the conversation. 

The moment that you want to ask something new, the best thing that you can do is to start a new chat. This is how you're going to start a new conversation. By starting a new conversation, you are giving Copilot, again, a blank sheet of paper to start with a new question.

(20:56 - 24:55)
If you would proceed with a totally different question in your previous conversation, Copilot is going to think that you still want to know information about the weather, which does not make sense. If we want to ask something about a specific document, for example, let's say we want to create a speech, and that speech needs to fetch information from a specific document. Well, what we can do is we can add that document. 

We can add that document in different ways. First of all, I will show you that document really quickly. It's a Word document with a lot of numbers. 

I'm not good at numbers, so that's why I use Copilot to analyze this document and to provide me back a very good summary of what it's inside of this document, and then it's going to bring back a speech. Now, how do we add a document? Good question. You have different options. 

You can add work content. Hey, wait a second. You said that we are not allowed to use content here in this non-licensed Copilot chat experience? Well, yes, but you can still add documents that you have, that you own, that are shared with you, and that are inside of your OneDrive for Business or your SharePoint location, whether you have access to them. 

You need to have access to those documents before Copilot is able to use them. All right, question to all of you, a really important question. If you think that Copilot can access your documents, please do the thumbs up icon. 

If you think that Copilot does not have access to your documents, just say the surprised icon. Okay, I see some hands up. I see some thumbs up, different things happening. 

Okay, a couple of the surprised icons there. Okay, let me tell you what happens behind the scenes, and by the way, thank you very much for letting me know what you think about it. So, the answer to this question was that Copilot itself does not have access to your documents. 

The way that it works is that Copilot is using your user account. So, to access this document, Copilot itself is using something that you are very familiar with, but definitely not heard about, or maybe some of you have heard about it, but Copilot is using, in the back, the Microsoft Graph. Okay, what is Microsoft Graph? You don't have to worry about it, but you use it all the time. 

If you're going to share a document with someone else in your organization, you are using Microsoft Graph. If you're sending a meeting invite to someone else, you are using Microsoft Graph. So, you've used it all the time, and that's also what Copilot does. 

So, again, Copilot does not have access to your documents. It uses something else for that. It's using the Microsoft Graph, and the Microsoft Graph is our enterprise security layer. 

What that means is that if the user account can access the document or the file, whatever that file is, Copilot can access it. If the user account does not have access to a document, Copilot will never have access to that document. Okay, this is how it works, and by the way, you will find additional information if you go all the way to the top right of your screen, and you select this green shield icon.

(24:56 - 26:02)
This is what we are going to tell you. This is a link, a reference, to the enterprise data protection. Okay, my colleague Goran, he will put in a link to this enterprise data protection, because I want to take a moment here to verify with all of you that you understand how this M365 Copilot chat is working behind the scenes. 

Microsoft is committing to something. We are committing to a lot of different things, and we are bundling all of those commitments in the enterprise data protection. Okay, the enterprise data protection is a commitment that we present and that we commit to our customers that we are going to tell, first of all, if you are going to work with a M365 tenant, so in the location where your data is stored. 

Let's say you have selected Europe, you have selected the US. Well, if you have interaction with Copilot, your data stays inside of that boundary. It does not go outside of Europe or outside of US.

(26:02 - 28:28)
This is a guarantee, even if you use Copilot. We are going to secure your data. Always, if you interact with Copilot, we are going to make sure that the interaction that you have, meaning the web browser that is connecting to the Copilot engine, your mobile phone that you use, which is connecting to Copilot, each time you use one of these clients, they have an encrypted channel. 

We call that encryption in transit. Everything is encrypted. Even if we store bits and bytes on a disk, that's encrypted. 

Imagine, it will never, never, never work, and you will never succeed, but just imagine that you drive to a data center, a Microsoft data center. You steal a disk out of those data centers, and you try to read the data from that disk. It will never work because the data is encrypted at rest. 

This is the first guarantee that we give you. We are going to guarantee that your data stays your data. Your data is private. 

Our commitments includes each and one of these privacy regulations that we need to adhere to as a company within the boundary of the European Union, but also within the boundary of whatever country that you are in. This is the different regulations that we are going to adhere to. Another thing is that we are going to use the same access policies, the same permission model as what you have in your own company. 

If you use permissions to access folders or share documents with someone else, it's always going to adhere. Copilot is always adhering to those policies. If you use sensitivity labels, Copilot is going to respect those sensitivity labels, so you're not able to request a document and then share it with someone else. 

If you have a sensitivity label applied, that will prevent you from doing that. The other thing is that we are going to make sure that you cannot create harmful content by using Copilot in any way. We have filters on top of Copilot, which you are not allowed to create a bomb or something very harmful.

(28:29 - 29:27)
Then the last, most important part, please pay attention. This is what we commit to and where we also differentiate with other AI tools. Microsoft is never going to use your data to train and retrain and make those foundation models better. 

Never. If you have an interaction with Copilot, if you are going to upload a file, if you're going to share confidential information that stays within your conversation, that's never going to be used to retrain the model, and this is different from other AI tools that you may have used before. Are we good with that? Thumbs up? Good to see a lot of people are active.

(29:27 - 31:14)
What else do we have here? Inside of our Copilot interface, we also have a left side, which is going to allow you to go to a new chat. You can go to the create option. What is the create option? Instead of creating a new chat and asking Copilot to generate an image, you can also go to the create option and ask it to generate an image, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, video file with specific options. 

Create an image from an existing image, create an image from a specific style, whatever the style is that you want to use, or a color palette, or even you can change the dimensions of that image. This is how you select the options inside of the create step. Okay? So, the way that we are going to interact with Copilot is by creating chats, but also we are allowed to go back to a previous conversation. 

We can select out of our chat conversation history all our history, if you want. You can go to all chats, and that will bring the conversation history, where you can then select a very easy way and say, hey, I want to go back to this previous conversation that I had, and then compare the temperature that we had last month, I think, yeah, almost last month ago, and then work again from this conversation and add additional things. Okay? This is the conversation history that you have.

(31:15 - 32:38)
Later today, we will see this, how you are going to create and start building agents, really cool, and we will also see how you are going to then work with pages, Copilot pages, but that's for later. Okay? For now, we need to be very specific in how we are going to put in our conversation. We start by entering our prompt. 

Our prompt needs to be as specific, as detailed as possible. We are going to put it in in our prompt box, and of course, we are going to check the sources. If you are going to use M365 Copilot chat without a license, you have web-grounded data. 

Okay? Each time that Copilot needs to fetch additional information, it's going to show you that these are the sources that I have used, and then the sources, of course, you need to validate, always validate, and then you can continue the conversation. Okay? You can do follow up questions. You can ask Copilot, why did you go over this specific answer, and why did you come with that specific answer? So, you can ask the reasoning behind the specific responses that Copilot is going to give. 

All right. Just to recap, those data security, enterprise data security protection, this is very important. Encryption, data isolation, all your data is protected.

(32:38 - 34:14)
We adhere to all the privacy, privacy rules that you have. We are not going to use your data to retrain the data and the model. We are going to adhere and respect your permissions, sensitivity labels, what have you, and if you're going to use a European tenant, then your data stays within that boundary that you have selected. 

Okay. Cool. Remember that you can put in all of your questions that you have inside of the chat. 

Goran is very keen in answering all of your questions. Okay. No stupid questions today. 

Please ask anything that you want, and by that, this is the end of module one. We are already through the first module. What I would do is ask you to use your Copilot, Copilot's chat environment, and to generate a little quiz. 

I'm going to do the same. I'm going to ask Copilot to go and get me a question about this first module. So, this question number one, what do we have here? Which of the following is one of the main ways to access Copilot? Okay. 

You can answer A, B, C of D. Let me just quickly bring up a poll inside of Teams. That's maybe the easiest way to do that. If I'm able to launch. 

Yes, launch now. So, you will see a poll popping up. Just select A, B, C from the list, what have you.

(34:16 - 36:06)
Task manager by typing Copilot start in your browser. I don't know if that's something new. No, it doesn't seem to work either. 

Yes. Okay. So, what have you? What do you think? Most of you are going to say answer B. Okay. 

Answer B looks like the good one. Let's see what we think about that. Copilot is then going to say, yes, correct. 

So, congratulations. I think 82% of, let's say, every one of you have selected the right option. So, really well done. 

Good job. You can do the same, by the way. It will ask you follow up questions until you have answered all the different questions. 

So, really well done. Good job. Okay. 

With that, let's see what we have learned in the first module. First of all, we have seen how to access Copilot chat. If there's one thing that I want you all to remember, m365copilot.com. That's the only way. 

Well, there are different ways, but that's the best way to get to the environment. We have seen how to access it. You've seen also that you can use Copilot chat in different applications. 

Although you don't have to have a license, you can still use Copilot chat in Word and Excel and PowerPoint. All of that is available. Okay. 

We've seen that Copilot chat can do grounding. Grounding is adding additional information to your prompt, to your conversation, to add context, to make the response better. That's what we are up to. 

And then enterprise data protection, that's what we need to keep our focus on, because that is what Copilot is going to set apart from the rest of the AI tools. Okay. Are you ready for module two? Let me know.

(36:11 - 38:28)
Okay. Hands up. High five back there. 

Cool. I see a lot of thumbs up. Yes. 

Let's proceed. Module two is going to be about writing effective prompts. Okay. 

So, we have seen how to access Copilot chat. Now, let's have a look into the details, right? How we are going to create a very clear, structured prompt. The thing that we are going to ask to Copilot is essential. 

Why? Because the better we are going to create prompts, the better the results will be. Okay. This is essential in using this Copilot chat tool. 

We have four different key ingredients. We also call them key elements. But you need to remember that those ingredients, that's what you need to make a really good Copilot prompt. 

The first one is context. We want to add as much context as possible. So, we want to provide to Copilot, why do you need it and who is involved? We want to provide details about the goal that we have, about the context. 

If you are preparing for a client meeting, just tell it. If you are writing a speech for a very important meeting that you have, just ask, right? Make sure that you let Copilot know what the intent is, what is it that you need and who is involved. Okay. 

Secondly, we need to define our goal. Our goal is going to tell us what do you want Copilot to do. Especially, you are going to describe the output that you want. 

What is it that you want from Copilot? Does it need to create a bullet point structure? Does it need to create a story for your business ID or even for your kids as a good night story? Whatever you have, you can ask Copilot, but you need to define it. You need to define what is the goal that I want to achieve. Do I want to write an email? Do I want to write a new brainstorming ID? Just provide a goal and tell Copilot what you want to do.

(38:30 - 41:21)
Third ingredient, source. That is adding additional information in any form, adding documents, adding parts of a document, adding sentences, adding examples. The more you add, the better the response will be that Copilot will give you. 

Okay. So here with the source, we mean where should Copilot look for information? If you do not define any source, it's going to look in its own context, in its own large text that it has, and it's going to fetch information from the internet. So even if you're going to use the Copilot chat experience and you want to add corporate information yourself, you can still do it. 

Add it in the format of text. Just copy and paste a large part of a document, paste it in your prompt, and ask Copilot to do something about it. Okay. 

This is going to be better, giving you better results. You can upload specific files. Remember that you can add these documents here. 

You can attach cloud files if they are already available inside of your OneDrive for Business. You can select files that have been shared with you. If you have local files, just use add work content, and that will upload the images or the files that you have into your OneDrive for Business. 

So that's how it goes. It's going to upload that specific file into your own OneDrive location, and in that way, remember, Copilot is not accessing it. It's the user account that uses Microsoft Graph, and Copilot uses Microsoft Graph, and that's the system that we use to get access to your files and folders and everything that you want to upload. 

Okay. Now, that was the third thing. We have one more ingredient, and that is expectations. 

Please put in your expectations. How should Copilot deliver the answer? It's very clear. Your expectation should be what audience is this aimed for? What kind of tone do you want? What kind of explanation do you want that Copilot is going to give you? The more that you put in the expectations, the better the reply will be. 

If we put all of this into practice, you have the four ingredients, context, goal, source, expectation, and this is where you will have an example, right? The first part is the goal, the context. So if you are going to add context, for example, we could say, I work in marketing, and I focus on a competitor research. Okay. 

That's indeed telling us why do you need it and who is involved. Secondly, the goal. What is it that you want Copilot to do? So give me a summary of recent news about a certain company.

(41:21 - 43:42)
This is telling Copilot, what do you want? Okay. Very specific, and the third ingredient, adding the source, where should Copilot look for? Well, here we want Copilot to focus on web articles from the last two months. That's what we want to have. 

Okay. And then the last one, expectations. How should Copilot deliver this answer? Very specific, two to three paragraphs, and please use a business tone. 

Okay. This is very specific. The more specific that we will be, the better the result that we get from Copilot. 

Now, best practices. Be clear, be specific. Each time that you're going to write a prompt, make sure that you're going to put in a topic, examples, what if you ask for news, what kind of news, what is the reference, what is the product that you want to have questions about? Okay. 

Keep it conversational. If Copilot is going to respond and you want to learn more or you want to add additional things, just ask, right? Keep the conversation going. Give examples, ask for feedback, check for accuracy. 

Very important. Make sure that you check always if Copilot is going to use a reference to something else. And be polite. 

Okay. A lot of customers are asking, hey, does it influence Copilot if I'm to ask please each time? Well, yes. Eventually, yes. 

And let me explain you why. Because if you're going to have a look into how these large language models are going to work, right, you could look at these data sets. Okay. 

Again, a large language model has been trained on a large text, a large data set of text. That text has been converted into numbers. Okay. 

And each and one of these numbers are going to be represented in its database solution. Now, the database looks like this. It's a multidimensional space. 

You could look at it as a multidimensional space. And each and one of these numbers that it has been converting text into numbers, these numbers are going to be stored in that multidimensional database. Okay.

(43:43 - 46:46)
Each and one of these numbers, they have a relation to each other. The closer the numbers are together, the more accurate that Copilot is going to give you a response or the more relation these words and these numbers have to each other. Because the numbers eventually are going to represent a character, a word, or a sentence. 

So, that's what happens. If you're going to put in a prompt, right, what happens with your prompt is that your prompt is also going to be converted into a number. This is very simplistic, but just bear with me. 

So, what happens then is your numbers, it's a large list of numbers, it's going to be compared to its large data set and Copilot or a large language model in general is then going to look for similarities. And that's where the magic happens. Okay. 

If you are going to be polite, then that means that Copilot is going to be more looking into positively oriented words and sentences. If you are going to be neutral or negative, it's going to be looking into a more negative kind of area in its multidimensional data space. Okay. 

So, this is how you influence the reaction of Copilot. This is how these large language models work behind the scenes. So, what is not that good? Using, for example, very vague sentences, right, not being very detailed, just asking one thing. 

That's most of the time not providing enough information to Copilot and Copilot is just going to guess. Okay. It's guessing the next big thing. 

It's never going to be very accurate in that way. If you are going to use your own language, whatever that language is, let's say you're having internally business terms that you use or product terms that Copilot does not know about, and you're going to ask questions to Copilot about those topics, but you guessed it, these models are not trained on your business language. So, please don't use your business language inside of your conversation. 

If you want to, you need to provide the context first, like, hey, this is our syllabus of all the different words with the meaning, and then Copilot is going to understand it. Okay. But don't use it out of the blue. 

Make sure that you have no conflicting instructions, because otherwise the decision is not going to be correct. Okay. Good. 

Some examples. Web-based prompts. Customers are using a lot, a lot of rewrite this paragraph, make this more clear, make this more concise. 

This is, I think, number one use case. There are a lot of use cases, of course, but this is something in the beginning, for sure, that customers were using over and over again, right, to just make their text to the point, very concise. Generating an idea for a team building event.

(46:47 - 47:40)
Making sure that you're going to start a research, not from a blank sheet of paper again, but just using Copilot to brainstorm, to bring some ideas to that blank sheet of paper. And then we also have the capability of asking Copilot to write Python scripts, application codes, whatever the developer language is that you use. Okay. 

Analyzing data. If you have large text files, and you want to have a summary, you want to have, or you want to do an analytics on top of a data set, just ask Copilot. You will be surprised what it can do for you. 

And then if you have a license, okay, you can do other things. You can start asking questions about your meeting that you have, your one-to-ones that you have with a specific person. This is work-related data, okay.

(47:40 - 48:04)
If you have a specific email that you want to look for, or you want to get a summary of all your emails from the past week, and the ones that you still need to respond to, the pending reactions, you can just ask. Okay. Recap a meeting. 

This is number one used inside of Teams. Nobody is watching meetings again. We just do and go for the meeting recap.

(48:05 - 49:28)
Okay. So that's some examples. A lot of customers are doing this. 

Something else that I wanted to show you is, of course, that we have options inside of our interface. If you take the mouse, and for example, you go to this first icon here, which is edit, right, this will take this prompt and put it in a new prompt box. And then you can change it, and you can ask Copilot the question again. 

The second icon is to copy the complete prompt and paste it somewhere else. This third icon here is to save your prompt. Okay. 

What's that? If you're going to save your prompt, that means that you're going to put it in a place where you can reuse it, where you can share it, where you can edit it for later use. Okay. If I'm going to, for example, add a title, you will see a dialog box here, but it will disappear. 

So we need to figure out where our saved prompts are whenever this has disappeared again, and I will show you, right. If you start a new conversation, you may have noticed it already, but you have some templates ready. You have some pre-populated prompts, and this information is coming from a prompt gallery.

(49:28 - 50:37)
Now, what's the prompt gallery? The prompt gallery is a place where we have suggested, curated prompts by Microsoft or by your company. What you can do is you can filter these prompts by task, by job type, by type of prompts, but you can also see your saved prompts in here. Okay. 

This is the place where we are going to store all the prompts that we have saved for later use. We also are able to share the prompt with someone else, someone from our team. We can copy the link, share it with someone else, and then they can use that prompt. 

What happens if you use this prompt? It's just going to place that prompt in the prompt box. You can change it. You can do whatever you want, hit enter, and then it's going to request that information again. 

Okay. So, that's the prompt gallery that we have. It's kind of a prompt repository for your prompts, for the prompts that Microsoft is generating for you that you can use as templates and share with other colleagues.

(50:37 - 53:13)
This is the way how we are going to work with it. Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you. 

This is the end of module two. If you have any questions, now is the time. Put them in the chat. 

Let's do our second quiz. Let's ask Copilot to again generate a question. You will see, Goran will also paste that question in the chat, so you can work with me. 

You can generate your own quiz if you want. I'm going to run the poll again. We have a question. 

What's the question here? Which of the following is a key element of a well-crafted prompt in M365 Copilot chat? Here we go again. I will launch module two questions. Very simple. 

A, B, C, or D. What is it that you think? Okay. Option A, B, C, or D. Let me know. What did I tell you about this technical jargon? That's not the way that we are going to work with the Copilot. 

We have everyone that is saying B. All right. Let's ask Copilot. Thank you for the responses. 

Really appreciate it. And it is correct. B is the right answer. 

The output that we want is providing clear context goals and expected outputs. Okay. That's what we want. 

Cool. Thank you for paying attention and being so, so good, so generous. Okay. 

What have we seen in module two? In module two, we've looked at building and creating effective prompts. Again, four key elements. If you remember them, that's great, because you're going to use them over and over again. 

Context, goals, source, and expectations. That's what we need to use to create and build an effective prompt. We are going to apply those best practices. 

Remember, being positive is going to influence the reply that you get back, although the models are trained to be very positive, so it will be hard to make a model angry at you. Okay. We are going to use prompt gallery to share prompts with a colleague and also to have a look at the curated prompts that Microsoft has. 

Okay. Cool. End of module two. 

Are we still going strong for module three? Who's ready for module three? You're still awake. Okay. Great.

(53:14 - 53:41)
Good, good. All right. Let's go straight into module three. 

Here, we need to jump into the deep end of the pool, because it's advanced stuff that we are going to do. We will see how we are going to use Copilot Chat to, again, create summaries, brainstorm maybe for new content. We will show you some ideas how you can get started and how you can use Copilot Chat.

(53:41 - 53:56)
We will see the use of Copilot Pages. Okay. Copilot Pages is your go-to option inside of Copilot Chat that will give you the option to share your conversation with a colleague.

(53:57 - 55:49)
We also are going to use agents. Why do we need to use agents? Well, because we want to automate things. We want to personalize our tasks and definitely our repetitive tasks. 

Okay. We will see it's very easy to create an agent. You don't have to do a lot for it. 

Okay. You don't have to be afraid to create an agent. I will show you after this module, you all know how to create an agent. 

Okay. First things first. How are we using M365 Copilot Chat? M365 Copilot Chat is designed for business users. 

It is created for business users. A lot of customers are asking, why do I have a different response in chat GPT compared with M365 Copilot Chat? Well, the reason for that is that the model, right, that Microsoft is using behind the scenes for Copilot Chat is trained for business users. It's trained to give you a very strict answer. 

Bullet points, to the point. We don't have to have a very large text. That does not make sense, right? We want to have to the point information as fast as possible. 

That's also why we have changed the way that we are going to reply back to you, right? At least how Copilot is going to generate an answer. We are not always going to use our latest and greatest and most expensive models. If we can use a smaller module to give you a response very fast. 

If I'm going to ask a question about, please, what is the weather next week? That's a silly question. Again, it's a very important question, but it's not that difficult for a model to understand. So we don't need that GPT 5.2 model.

(55:49 - 56:00)
That's too expensive, costs too much energy. So what we use for that in the back smaller module, that's what you will see. We are going to change the way automatically how you're going to do this.

(56:01 - 57:09)
Okay, so some examples. A lot of customers are using Copilot Chat to do summaries of very large amount of data, okay? Even to analyze data. If you ever had the issue with my document was too big or whatever you have, split your document up, okay? Split it up in different parts and then ask the question again. 

That's how you get the best result out of Copilot. Brainstorm IDs. Generate and refine IDs. 

That's also something that you can do. Don't start from a blank sheet of paper, even if you don't have that additional license inside of your Word document. You can go and enable Copilot Chat. 

Ask to create whatever you want. It's going to bring back the information here. You can copy and paste it. 

You can even tell it to insert it inside of your Word document, okay? This is very useful. Don't start from a blank sheet of paper anymore. Use Copilot, change it on your behalf, and then rewrite or ask Copilot to rewrite certain parts of it.

(57:10 - 59:30)
We are also going to use Copilot to visualize the data, to generate AI images. Again, we have a specific option for that. You need to go to create to have a better outcome, because here we are going to add styles. 

You will be able to add a color palette, so that is the way how you're going to change the behavior and also change the output of those images. Remember that you can generate applications. You can ask Copilot to generate a script to do and build an application. 

It's very good in that, and it's very quick also. I would say these prompts that we have on this slide are also mentioned in the official course syllabus. The link has been shared in the beginning of this training. 

What customers are using all the time is do me a summary of a text that I need to provide to someone else, or do a summary from a company, or do a competitive and competitor analysis. Okay, this is really helpful. We are also going to use it to do translations. 

If you want to, you can ask it to translate a text into Japanese or any type of language that you prefer. Give it step-by-step instructions. If you are going to create a marketing campaign and you want to know what is the best approach, when should I post on LinkedIn, what should I post, ask Copilot, and you will have a plan to do that. 

Okay, so brainstorming, drafting content, and gathering insights from files, not only rewriting specific parts of the file, but also generating images, analyzing the data that you have in that file, and even visualizing the data. You can also, inside of Excel, use the Copilot chat feature to start visualizing the data to build bar charts, or line charts, or whatever chart that you want to create. And you can generate code, Python, SQL queries, any type of code that you want to generate, Copilot is able to do that.

(59:31 - 59:48)
Now, if you have that add-on license, you can do a little bit more. Remember that you can add and work with context that is work-related. So that means that you could ask, for example, to Copilot, please summarize this team's messages where I was mentioned this week.

(59:48 - 1:00:47)
So that will provide you a list. You can also ask it to create a table format with all the emails that you still need to reply. Okay, it's going to analyze your inbox, it's going to bring back that information into a nice table format. 

I use it all the time, I even have a scheduled prompt that is going to be generated that on Monday morning, and on Friday, two times in a week, I have that what do I have missed kind of prompt, and it's going to provide me with a table format, and then it's telling me, oh, you still need to reply to this email, this is important, and all the rest I delete. No, just kidding. Creating a to-do list from a meeting helped me plan for my day really useful in that sense. 

Okay. Let's shift gears here, and let's jump right into the deep end of the pool. Let's generate some more complex stuff.

(1:00:47 - 1:01:27)
So let's say I have a prompt, and this prompt is going to start creating a three-day team event. I'm asking Copilot to create a three-day team event. Now, I'm not the only one that is working on this event. 

It's a lot of people within our company that is going to work with that. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to, first of all, ask Copilot to come up with some ideas. Copilot is going to fetch information from the web, so for my hotel recommendations, food, daily food costs is going to bring back some fun activities within Brussels.

(1:01:27 - 1:01:42)
I also ask for transportation, and I want to have a fun and cost-effective team building event. So that's where you will find Copilot. First, quick answer, then it's going to do that reasoning.

(1:01:42 - 1:03:48)
You will see step-by-step what it's going to do. First, it's going to check the logistics, booking group activities, pricing together the plans, and then you can drill down to each and one of these steps that Copilot is taking. Still searching, still searching, and eventually, oh, escape rooms. 

Yeah, I like escape rooms. So eventually, it will come back with a result. What that result will be, that will still be static. 

That result will still be static. It will still be text. I can copy it. 

I can export it. I can take it and put it in a Word document, for example, and share that with a colleague. That's not what I want to do. 

I want to keep the conversation going in here. So what is the option? Well, Copilot has generated a nice plan. We have some Ibis, Brussels. 

There are some good hotels here. Curious what we are going to eat. Lunch will be in a casual. 

That's just a plan, and now we are getting to the point. This is what we are going to do. We are going to visit Brussels. 

You get the point, right? It's generating those ideas one by one, day one, day two, day three, and eventually, it will finish, and at the end of this generated content, what I want to do is I want to share this with a colleague. The thing that we are going to use is called Copilot Pages. So what is Copilot Pages? Copilot Pages is a feature that you have access to. 

You can use it, and it's allowing you to work together with a colleague on a saved prompt or a conversation that you have. For our team building event, that's interesting, because I don't want to work alone on that event. I want to share it with someone else, and that's what happens. 

I'm going to easily be able to share it. Let me show you that. If you go all the way down, the first thing that you do is you check the sources.

(1:03:49 - 1:04:45)
That's what you learned today. The second thing that you are going to do is select this little pencil icon that will allow you to edit this context here, all of that, all of the above, inside of Pages. If I'm going to hit this one, it's going to add an additional interface in my Copilot Chat web page. 

So the whole thing that you see on the right side of my screen, this is what we call Copilot Pages. Copilot Pages is dynamic. You can drag and drop parts of the text. 

You can add additional steps. Text, for example, adding this. If you're going to add the forward slash, the forward slash is going to help you in adding additional context.

(1:04:46 - 1:06:56)
For example, if I want to add a voting table or a calendar or a task list, I can add it very easily. I can say voting table, and that brings me back a simple table. It's called a voting table, yes, but you can use it for anything. 

You can say ID one and a second ID, and what I can do then is I can add people. So you can change the column type to person, and then what we are able to do is we are going to be able to be tagging different colleagues. Let's say I want this ID two here. 

Well, Megan, yes, you are going to work on that, and ID one, that's our Copilot friend, they are going to work on that. Now, both Megan, Copilot, they are belonging to my M365 organization. The way that you're going to give them access is by clicking on the name, just click on this message, and then we are going to generate a share option, share and notify. 

What happens is they will receive an email, they can accept that email, and they will then have access to this Copilot pages. Very simple, very easy. If I would log in with my Megan account now, I would see I have received an email, I can access this and complete Copilot pages, so we can start working together. 

Now, definitely we are not done yet. Let's say, okay, we have our bookings, but now I want to ask an additional question is, please give me a list of three well-known places that we can visit. Okay, so we are continuing the conversation, we are adding, we want to add additional information to definitely this Copilot pages here, because I want to insert these places, the Grand Place, this is in Brussels, there is a museum that we can visit, all cool places, Atomium is also very famous in Brussels.

(1:06:56 - 1:07:17)
So what we do now is that we are going to click the plus icon, and that will take the content and place it inside of that pages. At the bottom of the page, you will see that it now has added the complete output of the prompt. So it becomes dynamic, it's not static anymore.

(1:07:18 - 1:08:08)
Okay, this is really cool. Now, instead of tagging someone, simply you can also share this with someone else. You can go to the top right of your screen, click on page link, that will open a other dialog box, a very famous one. 

If you ever shared a Word document in M365, this is what you know. Okay, you can tag other people in here, you can see if they can view or edit, and this is the way how you share it. You will have a link, and that link can then be shared with someone else. 

Okay, the link is now copied to the clipboard, you can share it, they will open it, and they will see that they have access to this complete page, which is dynamic. They can start dragging around things, adding things, changing whatever you want. Okay, very cool, very, very useful.

(1:08:08 - 1:10:37)
So the way that you're going to work with Copilot Pages is by instantly editing the static content that we had inside of Copilot Chat is now going to become dynamic, very easy. Easy access for everyone within your M365 environment. Okay, I'm really excited about this thing, but I'm more excited about these agents that we are going to build. 

Okay, are we still going strong? Do you want to see how to build agents? We're good. Yeah, I see a lot of thumbs up, no nodding, so that's yes, that means yes, that's what we agreed on. Thank you for doing that. 

So what are agents? There is a very big spectrum inside of Microsoft if you want to build an agent. The way that I'm going to show you now to build an agent is the most simple way of building an agent, and it's for everyone. You don't have to have a different license. 

You don't have to have any additional configuration. I will guarantee you, after this module, you all know how to create an agent, believe me, and I will show you what and how we are going to do it. Now, first of all, agents. 

What are agents? Well, agents are going to be created if you want to automate repetitive tasks. What about repetitive tasks? Well, if you want to have that agent that is grabbing information from a website or from your mailbox, that's possible if you have an M365 copilot license, you can ask questions about your mailbox, and then it can bring you back information about, hey, these are the mails that you did not respond the last week. You can personalize the workflow to your need. 

If you are going to create agents, even if you don't have that license, that M365 license that we are talking about, don't worry, you can still do it. The way that you're going to do it is by going to new agents. You will see that you have two options to create an agent.

(1:10:37 - 1:12:04)
We have a very simple option that is asking you to describe what your agent needs to do. That's the first option. What do we do here? We are just putting in a prompt box. 

We are asking copilot again to generate an agent for us, so everything is going to be handled. You don't have to do anything. You just have to put in the instructions to build an agent. 

If I, for example, if I want to build an agent that is capable of answering questions about Microsoft Surface devices, I can do that. I can just put that prompt in. I can even add content if I want, but that's it. 

No hands. What's going to happen now is that copilot is going to create an agent for me. We call this experience the agent builder experience. 

This is sitting on the spectrum of agents that allows every user to, this is strange, every user to, okay, it has worked before, so I don't have a license. I don't need a license for that. It's going to allow every user in your organization to start creating an agent.

(1:12:04 - 1:13:57)
By just describing what that agent needs to do. I'm going to try it once more. I have already an agent installed, and I think that is the issue. 

I uninstalled it just before this meeting. I will try it again and ask the question again. That's the first thing. 

You can describe what the agent wants to do. The second option that will allow you to create an agent is by using that configure option. Apparently, it was because I already had that specific agent added to my agents, but nevertheless, no hands. 

This is what happens. On the right side, you see an agent preview window. This is going to allow me to test my agent. 

If I have a question, let's say I want to compare the Surface Pro with a Surface Laptop. This is a very common question. A lot of customers don't know the difference between a Surface Pro and a Surface Laptop. 

I'm building an agent to help myself, first of all, or help my customers. What happens here is that you can check if your agent is providing you accurate information. On this side here, you still see what instructions it has been using, what kind of steps it has been creating, and it's going to tell you, hey, if you have tested out your agent, you can use the create button on the top right to publish and share your agent. 

I'm pretty okay. This is a very nice overview of what the Surface Pro can compare to what the Surface Laptop can. I'm good. 

I'm going to use this create button, and I'm going to ask Copilot to create my agent. I don't do anything. An agent is created for me.

(1:13:58 - 1:14:46)
What is the benefit? Well, the benefit is that your agent will become available in your agents between all your different agents. When your agent has been deployed successfully, you can use it in the same thing. You can say, hey, please compare the Pro again with the Surface Laptop, and your agent is going to be answering again. 

You will see that you can even use your agent inside of a chat conversation. If I'm going to click on new chat, it's going to take a while because it's still busy in here, you will see that you can add your agent to the chat. Ask a question, whatever that question is, and you are able to tag that agent by using the add symbol.

(1:14:47 - 1:15:28)
Now you can use your agent. Your agent is now going to reply back with any type of question that you have. Very cool. 

Now, what was that second way? I told you that we have a first option, and that is to describe. That's correct. This is the first option. 

The second option is to use this configure, the configuration. This is already a little bit more advanced in a way because now you can change the name of the agent, the description, the instructions. The instructions are very, very important. 

This is what you're going to put in step-by-step. This is what my agent needs to do. You are going to add knowledge.

(1:15:29 - 1:16:59)
This is adding publicly available websites. If you want to add your own work-related data, you need to have that Copilot license. Then that will allow you to add work-related data, and you have a lot of capabilities here. 

At the top, you will see that you can start from a template. You could say we are going to start from our Prompt Coach agent, which is a predefined agent by Microsoft. I will show you where you can find them. 

Then exactly that, this is going to be pre-populated based on this template. Here you can see the type of instructions that we have. This is in a very specific format. 

This is Markdown. Markdown is a way of describing text in a structured way. That's the best thing that you can do to instruct your agent with specific things. 

If you want to first define the goals and then the context, the overall direction, this is how you are going to start building your agents. You will also find that inside of your organization, if you go to All Agents, All Agents will give you an overview of your created agents, whatever your agent is. You will also have a list of agents that are built by Microsoft.

(1:16:59 - 1:19:51)
This list here that you see, these are agents that are made available in my organization, but that are curated and also built with Microsoft. What we do here is that we are allowing you to select an agent, and then you can say, hey, I want to add this agent to my environment. It's already added. 

I just need to open. Then you select it, and then you can add your Microsoft agent to this list, if you will. Great. 

This is agents. This was the last thing that I wanted to show you with just a quick recap. If you have the M365 Copilot license, your Copilot chat is available in Outlook. 

It's available in Word, Excel. You can start asking questions about it. You can use the Copilot chat environment inside of that Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, what have you, inside of your M365 applications. 

You can ask inside of Outlook to summarize an email, to write a paragraph for you on whatever the topic is, to create PowerPoint presentations. This is what you can do with this M365 Copilot chat experience inside of your M365 applications. Okay. 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. This is almost the end, because I have something else for you. This is the last part of module three. 

Thank you very much for staying all the way to the end. I have something else. First of all, we can do a quick quiz again. 

If I'm going to fire up my new chat experience, and I'm going to ask a question. I don't know if this is the right question to ask, but something about uploading files. I'm going to pull up my poll number three. 

I'm going to launch it. Here we go. A, B, C, or D, what do you think? The question is, when you upload a file into M365 Copilot chat, what is allowed? What is allowed? Are you allowed to store files in M365 training data sets? Can Copilot process files within your tenant itself? Can Copilot upload files to the public client? Or is Copilot keeping a personal backup for future references? What do you think? Do we have any result already? B, you think that B is the answer, so let me check.

(1:19:51 - 1:21:26)
Thank you very much for helping. Yes, correct. B is indeed the right answer when you upload a file into M365 chat. 

It's secured in your tenant. It's following your permissions. It's not used to train the foundation models. 

It's not shared outside of your tenant, and it's not stored outside of where you are going to save it. Thank you very much. Really, really appreciate your hard work here. 

That's what we learned in module three. We learned to work with Copilot pages. We learned to work with the agents. 

With that, I really have one thing to say, and that is go and grab the course material. We still have additional modules for all of you that will be enabled, and that also can be used within your organization that will stay active. Even after this training, it will stay active for a longer period of time. 

Don't worry, it's not going to go away. What else do I have? I need to ask you one thing, and that is to provide some feedback. My colleague, Horan, will paste a link inside of the chat that will be a survey. 

It's a quick feedback form to provide feedback about this training, about myself. You will find a score from one to five. If you like this training, you can give me five stars.

(1:21:26 - 1:24:45)
This is highly appreciated, but please provide feedback. It's completely anonymous, to go and fetch that link that Horan will put in the chat. With that, it's time for Q&A. 

We still have some time left. If you have any questions, please shout at me, come off mute, and ask anything that is not answered yet. Go ahead, Marco. 

Hello, Ben. Thank you very much for this one. It was really very, very interesting. 

Just to understand, if it's possible then to ask Copilot to use the result of a meeting, for example, a transcription, to store it directly inside the notebook, for example, which is another tool that I'm finding very useful. Because I receive a message that says that I don't have the API settled for this. No, so the transcription itself will be available inside of your OneDrive for business, so that's the place where you can download it, and then you can download it as a VTT file or a Word document, and then you can use that to analyze. 

That's the most interesting place to do. It's not able to automatically grab information from the transcriptions. If you want to ask questions about the meeting itself, first of all, you need to be inside of that meeting, so you need to be part of that meeting before you have access, and then you can use Copilot inside of your meeting. 

Just as we see in our meeting now, I could launch Copilot, and Copilot will then help me in summarizing what I have said during the meeting. Thank you very much. So it can't store anything outside of this for me? No, the context, so the boundary is this Teams meeting. 

So everyone from your organization that is part of the meeting, that has accepted the meeting, will also have access to the recap that has been generated from the meeting transcriptions. Someone else has their hand up, Walid. Go ahead, please. 

First, thank you so much for this great session. I tried earlier to add Microsoft project files, but it didn't accept it. They gave me a message that it's not yet accepted, so do we have any estimated time when this will be done with the Copilot? I don't know by heart. 

Is there already a Copilot available inside of Project? I don't know. Or Planner? Inside Microsoft Project? No, I didn't see it before. Yeah, so that will be the first step, that we make it available inside of that tool, and then you can start asking questions about the interface that you are using.

(1:24:45 - 1:25:12)
But as far as I know, I don't have any clue when we are going to launch a support for these files, but it's a really good question. There is a website that you can follow. I will share it in the chat right away. 

This is our Copilot documentation. Everything that you need to know is available here. So I'm grabbing the link, pasting it in the chat right now.

(1:25:12 - 1:26:20)
Here you can learn something about M365 Copilot. We also have a What's New in here, so if you want to see what's new, you can also go and read the What's New page. It's inside of the M365 Copilot documentation, where you will find out the delivery plans that we have, and when something is going to be announced and whatnot. 

This is Copilot Studio, but inside of Microsoft Copilot 365, you will also have this information. I will share one thing with you, that's the release plans. I will try to filter out the Power Apps. 

So here you have everything that we release, from Dynamics to the Power Platform. You can then go into other products and then see if you have something that is going to relate you back to the project or planner that we have. Yeah. 

Thank you so much. Yeah, you're welcome. Thank you.

(1:26:22 - 1:26:42)
Okay. Someone else has a question? Great. Good, good. 

I hope your questions are answered in the chat. I'm pretty convinced that that will be done and succeeded with that. Thank you very much.

(1:26:42 - 1:26:59)
Thank you very much for staying until the end. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you learned something new, and also I hope to see you back in another training. 

Bye all. Bye-bye. Thank you. 

You're welcome. Thank you very much. Bye-bye. 

Thanks. You're welcome. Bye-bye. 

Thank you. Bye-bye.